---
title: "Shitty Feelings"
date: 2020-11-14T03:01:13+07:00
draft: true
---

*fucking uneditted rough draft*

What do you do when you feel shitty, I wonder? As for me, I try listening to
music, read stuff, build stuff, everything in the vainglory and faint hope of
accomplishing something and make my life feel less empty. They rarely work,
however. I still feel shitty. What should I do, I ask myself.

I feel shitty from hard working days, and I did absolutely no progress at all.
The only shit I have done is mostly from the others' work, and I only be there
to mess shits up. I often say I am useless, and the feeling of it is truly
the worst.

I feel shitty from the fact that I seem to have everything, but can achieve
nothing in my life. I was not too great at anything at all. The stuff I have
done may look "special" but they are boring, and useless, and do absolutely no
good, I think. I have worked at the place for more than two months, and I know
the shit I am saying. I have to use a proxy for my work, which is... Ugh. Okay.
I understand the kind of work and the kind of company, but it was not developer
friendly, I think. I have to use the company's laptop, which is even worse than
the second hand one I bought a few years ago for my studying, and funnily
enough. The laptop has small resolution, so the work I do with it is much
harder. It also requires the administrator's approval to install stuff, so...
You know how the feel it. You feel like you are a prison, forcing to do the
labour because you did something wrong. It is a shitty feeling. The feeling also
come from my boss. He was an okay dude, but gave me the task and than assume
that I have all the information like him, and in the sense that everybody has
ten years of experience like him, with every inner knowledge, with every
"special privilege". He was not a bad guy at all, but it truly make me feel not
better than the last place I worked at. Why must the place combine the worst
aspects. I work with no procedure at all. I have a task, and I can do whatever I
want to finish it, but I have no knowledge of what has been done before, and
what is the good way to do, and what would be the right way. You understand it.
You feel like you are swimming in a bottomless, landless ocean, and you will
swim, swim, swim until you are drowned. It is shitty.

I feel shitty from the feel that I may not be important at all in this world,
and there will be nobody remember me when I dide. And nobody care about my
feeling at all? That seem wrong. My parents do. They do care. But I am not too
attached to them. It really does not matter at all. I am happy that I was born
as their son, but... Again, I am not that attached, I do not know. If I suddenly
disappear from the world, maybe they will be sad for a while, but I know they
will move on, or they will not? I do not know, but I half hope that they will,
and half hope that they will not. They did their work to raise me and grow me,
and I did an okay job at being their son, I think. If they suddenly disappear
from me, Iam not sure. Maybe I will yearn for long, and long, but I will have to
move on. Everyone has to move on. Everything have to conitnue going.

I feel shitty from my "hard to sleep" condition. It make absolutely no sense to
me that I can be that hard to sleep. And today is one of the raretime that I
fallen asleep, but then wake up. Feeling hungry is the shitties feeling of all.
In my brain at the time only has one thought: how to fill my stomach will
something, or anything. My brain there jumped and jmped and then came at the
conculsion of an instant ramen noodle cup. Somehow it did it work. I found the
things to eat, but they are not that good. There is one good thing from that. It
is that I did not eat too much salt, or put too many salts into the cup. It
maybe less unhealthy that way.

I feel shitty from working, as I worked at a kind of half ass styled place. The
company want to be a start up, but their settings, and their internals, and
their workings, and their policy is truly preventing them from doing so.

I am going to sleep. What a shitty feeling that was. Typing them out did not
help a lot, but I hope that sleeping will. I feel too lazy of edditing right
now. Let us hope that I will cultivate some will power to fix it later.
